hey guys what's going on it is linked
swallowed here and today I'm going to be
bringing you another episode of my
modern warfare 3 two minute tips and
tricks and today I'm going to be talking
about sprinting and how to sprint
properly in one more phase 3 so that you
can die less and get more kills but also
i was going to improve your play style
how it's going to improve your game play
and help you to be a much more effective
player in modern warfare 3 so let's get
straight down to some tips and tricks
when sprinting now one of the best tips
for sprinting is to never ever sprint
insight to teach yourself to never
sprint inside a building because in one
or more faith three when you sprint you
have to bring your gun back up after
spring this means that if an enemy comes
to a doorway and you're still running
and he's not running he's going to get
that killed because he can start
shooting because he won't have to bring
his gun up to his head his gun is
already there so all he's got to do is
aim down sights whereas you will have to
stop running pull your gun up to your
chest and then pull it up to your eye
that is much more difficult it's gonna
take a lot more time than he is and it's
going to help him to get that kill even
quicker I also highly recommend never
sprinting during an engagement now what
this means is that if you see a guy you
should walk towards him if he's quite
close to you know if you're on the other
side of the map then yes you should
sprint there but obviously if he's quite
close to you you should walk up to him
to get the kill don't run no because if
he turns around and you're running he
can just pull it back on and get you
even faster so there's no need to sprint
towards a guy you are well within range
of getting so definitely make sure that
you walk towards the guy no need to
sprint to a guy if he's within range of
your weapon using steady aim pro is also
going to improve how effective you are
at killing people when you're sprinting
because with steady improve this allows
you to pull your weapon on faster after
sprinting so if you're getting shot out
whilst you're sprinting you can
instantly turn around have your weapon
pulled up and get some sort shots on
that guy it's going to help you win
engagements that you didn't even know
we're going to take place and it's going
to help you get those extra kills in
modern warfare 3 that's going to help
you link your kill switch together and
escaped to call in your Reaper for
example and to go and hide when you need
to use your killstreaks now the number
one golden rule tip for sprinting is to
never ever sprint through doorways now
the reason for this is because the
amount of people that like to hide next
door is and know that doorways or a
point of traffic is phenomenal there is
always someone waiting for you around
the doorway and there's always
assuming that you're going to be coming
to that doorway so always always make
sure that you'll walk through a doorway
walking through doors will save your
life a hell of a lot because if the
worst comes to the worst there's a guy
in the corner all you have to do is turn
around and press that trigger down you
won't have to stop running you won't
have to jump out of the way you just
have to turn face and shoot it makes it
a hell of a lot easier guys so as always
a husband links word I've really got
we've enjoyed this video and I hope it
helps you get some more kills in modern
warfare 3 and I will touch you guys in
the next two minute tip video